DOC-2224: TinyMCE 6.8.2 community release. (#3024)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/changelog.adoc

NOTE: This is the {productname} Community version changelog. For information about the latest {cloudname} or {enterpriseversion} Release, see: xref:release-notes.adoc[{productname} Release Notes].

== 6.8.2 - 2023-12-07

=== Fixed
* Clicking inside table cells with heavily nested content could cause the browser to hang.
* Toggling a list that contains an LI element having another list as its first child would remove the remaining content within that LI element.

> * Bespoke dropdown toolbar buttons including `fontfamily`, `fontsize`, `blocks`, and `styles` incorrectly used plural words in their accessible names.

Author: ```suggestion
* * Tooltips of bespoke dropdown toolbar buttons including `align`, `fontfamily`, `fontsize`, `blocks`, and `styles` were incorrectly translated.
* Bespoke dropdown toolbar buttons including `fontfamily`, `fontsize`, `blocks`, and `styles` incorrectly used plural words in their accessible names.
```

> * Clicking inside table cells with heavily nested content could cause the browser to hang.
> * Toggling a list that contains an LI element having another list as its first child would remove the remaining content within that LI element.
> * Bespoke dropdown toolbar buttons including `fontfamily`, `fontsize`, `blocks`, and `styles` incorrectly used plural words in their accessible names.

Author: ```suggestion
* Bespoke select toolbar buttons including `fontfamily`, `fontsize`, `blocks`, and `styles` incorrectly used plural words in their accessible names.
* The `align` bespoke select toolbar button had an accessible name that was misleading and grammatically incorrect in certain cases.
* Accessible names of bespoke select toolbar buttons including `align`,`fontfamily`, `fontsize`, `blocks`, and `styles` were incorrectly translated.
* Clicking inside table cells with heavily nested content could cause the browser to hang.
* Toggling a list that contains an LI element having another list as its first child would remove the remaining content within that LI element.
```
